There are a lot of angles for the audience tonight.
Everything has been prepared and is now the most noble picture.
Well, as long as we talk about our National University,
Even if it's net, the final Tianmeng technique,
The last six stories about the great and peaceful Guoda people,
We, Ye Jia, will definitely end up in trouble.
myself. Tonight I will also share our memories,
This is what families expect.
I really don’t want to be confident and dangerous
I just need to sleep tonight
She's not even close to your face
You humiliate her
You are so embarrassed
don't you know
Welcome reception today
I borrowed red and green armor from my family to eat.
You come to their cocktail party
Are you afraid that you will die without touching me or her?
She also takes care that she is Long Yue's lifesaver An Ran
This book uses Long Yue's peace of mind
I don’t know about your life-saving An Ran and An Qing
How long can I eat?
But today
Even if it's to save Enron's life, it's of no use
You know it's night time
Who will your Moriye family welcome if you point to Sichuan Forest?
That's me, Lord Electronics
I'm afraid he doesn't even know what Tianwang Electric is about?
Tell the truth to the king of the real ambassadorial power of electric milk
What does it mean to you to see that Yu Guotong is here?
Yan Li, the big shot in Tianwang Dian, is only half as good as Rou Yi.
Even Rouye can't stop you tonight